now it always makes me very very nervous
to interview karan johar because he has
absolutely no qualms in telling me where
my interviewing skills become terrible I
don't know if you'd remember that or not
I have I remember very clearly and I
remember we were doing the student of
their prom oh my god he does it and I
remind you about your skills as an
interview or the lack of them is more
you know precise but Academy know your
beautiful face more than makes it oh oh
my god yes I'm still sane going to do so
good thanks like I'm going to try to
improve too David honestly I don't mind
being told off by you because let's face
it your interviewing skills up our
excellence because you managed to get
everybody to come out with all those
deep dark secrets without them even
realizing so it's very difficult to top
that so this year how you're not going
to be the being there the Kohi be in
there and done that being there on that
I think the whole idea really on coffee
with current is actually to read between
the lines sometimes it's things they
don't say but say it with that
expression is what you have to kind of
find out and like look induce up stare
out you'll just scratch the surface a
little bit yeah this time I think
everyone's coming really guarded by
Billy I mean they're all coming quite
guarded I think because I didn't happen
last year last season there was a little
bit of a stir as a result of some of the
episode mr. yeah storm in a coffee cup
Dom in a coffee cup so there so I didn't
want to get into the lull after the
storm situation so actually I kind of
worked out a way of kind of making them
answer the questions comfortably and yet
not forcing them or pinning them down to
reveal anything that could cause another
stir yeah so it's actually it's been fun
I think the whole vibe this season is to
have a lot of fun so maybe talk about
things that are completely ridiculous
and idiotic and not relevant to their
work of the moment at all so just have a
really great time
sipping cups of coffee controversial
yeah well I'm trying for it not to be
but if it comes my way what can I say I
will accept it with open arms we will
all accept it with open arms obviously
and you know one thing everyone is
saying you forget about courting
controversy we all felt that this time
around Karen was also courting people to
come on the show later we saw you with
Armour and Kieran a lot so you know all
our journalistic Minds kind of were like
okay so is this all partying together
and Kieran I showed
have to say yeah that I mean that would
be really something if I had to really
structure plan and manipulate my travel
plans on my social diary for for them to
come on the show
I haven't great rapport with armor and
killer I've known armor and Kieran for
very many years
very closely we've had some super fun
times we're really connected as people
and it's Kieran's fortieth of course
he'll go nowhere on my agenda was coffee
with Karen nowhere at all I mean if I'm
and I'm sure that if they do come of the
show it's in if what I'm not saying I'm
infinite that's not abuse uh Italy
because of our connect and also because
they haven't been on the show yeah you
know I tell you why the people actually
kind of funny for those of you know
people it is also nice I think it does
see you it's not just me I always
forgive me and maybe two other view and
become we're basically cooking up this
storm again buzzing good stuff for no
reason
no because okay let species none of us
really think of you as the outdoorsy
sort so we were just like okay sorry but
make you were like what is garden doing
this so if I were to London or New York
you wouldn't question it because I want
to ask you just say the outdoorsy bit
listen I love my country I love the
heartlands and I love going there to
explore nature and everything that comes
with it and more than anything else I'm
a coffee man but why not go and explore
a state that produces such fantastic
team absolutely I'm all about leverage
all about beverage beverage it babies
who are bad jokes are loud as well yes
yes not so good watch the show I also
you know obviously kind so much has been
made about you know Salman coming on the
show and this is obviously you've been
oh you've got this I'll like you wanted
to shoot homage to Salman I get it all
out it looks like person energy so why
Salman oh you sure did he no not vice
and I read like everyone is how did you
find the managed to convince him because
let's face it he's not an easy man to
convince so why so much time would you
do the most important thing as a member
of the media when push comes to shove
you beg ah that's what I think I knew
very well yeah I think it just isn't me
I begged borrowed him yeah I hope
we'll steal some fun I'm sure you will
and okay I'm being told to wrap up so
I'm going to wrap up very quickly now
with the rapid fire
okay good to be dead a bit come you know
okay so uh so it's not you're doing a
rapid fire with me just acting me taking
up water my day how do i Bob is my have
no hand boy it's just the pleasure of
our company okay so um which star wife
more fan Kieran Oh Gauri
Oh God would be silly you can see I will
be talking about survives
oh no they're not star wife so me their
friends said which friend but you didn't
so next question okay I aren't all Pune
the more talented director anyone who I
give a chance to is beyond talented so I
don't compare my children and my final
question yes when is charge okay I love
what you actually said a little earlier
overheard I was dropping on all your
interviews you said that you related to
him by love and not by blood which I
absolutely loved so when is Shahrukh
expected on the show he will definitely
come on the show the combination we will
reveal when the time is right but of
course he's part of everything I've ever
done
yeah and I'm hosting the show and
there's no way in hell he won't come on
the show of course he will come on
okay thank you that he comes he will
arrive with grandeur and splendour like
your wisdom